README.md, before:

# Wavix Go SDK

Wavix Go SDK provides convenient and easy-to-understand functions for interacting with the Wavix API. You can use this package to integrate your Go application or service with Wavix functionality.

The current list of Wavix HTTP REST API can be found here: https://wavix.com/api

## Installation and Usage

### Installation

```sh
go get github.com/wavix/sdk-go
```

### Import

```go
import "github.com/wavix/sdk-go"
```

### Typical Usage Example

```go
package main

import (
    wavix "github.com/wavix/sdk-go"
)

func main() {
    instance := wavix.Init(wavix.ClientOptions{Appid: "<YOUR APPID>"})

    from := time.Date(2023, 6, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, time.UTC)
    to := time.Date(2023, 12, 31, 0, 0, 0, 0, time.UTC)

    cdrList, err := instance.Cdr.GetCdrList(wavix.GetCdrListQueryParams{
        Type:   "placed",
        RequiredDateParams: utils.RequiredDateParams{
            From: utils.QueryDateParams(from),
            To:   utils.QueryDateParams(to),
            }, PaginationParams: utils.PaginationParams{Page: 1, PerPage: 5}
    })

    if err != nil {
        panic(err.Message)
    }

    ...
}
```

## License

This SDK is distributed under the MIT License. See [LICENSE](./LICENSE) for more detailed information.

Commit message:

readme: added contributing and support sections

README.md, after:

# Wavix Go SDK

Wavix Go SDK provides convenient and easy-to-understand functions for interacting with the Wavix API. You can use this package to integrate your Go application or service with Wavix functionality.

The current list of Wavix HTTP REST API can be found here: https://wavix.com/api

## Installation and Usage

### Installation

```sh
go get github.com/wavix/sdk-go
```

### Import

```go
import "github.com/wavix/sdk-go"
```

### Typical Usage Example

```go
package main

import (
    wavix "github.com/wavix/sdk-go"
)

func main() {
    instance := wavix.Init(wavix.ClientOptions{Appid: "<YOUR APPID>"})

    from := time.Date(2023, 6, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, time.UTC)
    to := time.Date(2023, 12, 31, 0, 0, 0, 0, time.UTC)

    cdrList, err := instance.Cdr.GetCdrList(wavix.GetCdrListQueryParams{
        Type:   "placed",
        RequiredDateParams: utils.RequiredDateParams{
            From: utils.QueryDateParams(from),
            To:   utils.QueryDateParams(to),
            }, PaginationParams: utils.PaginationParams{Page: 1, PerPage: 5}
    })

    if err != nil {
        panic(err.Message)
    }

    ...
}
```

## Contributing

We welcome contributions from the community. If you'd like to contribute, please fork the repository, make your changes, and submit a pull request. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

## Support and Contact

If you encounter any issues or have questions about the SDK, please create an issue on our GitHub repository. For direct support, you can contact us at support@wavix.com.

## License

This SDK is distributed under the MIT License. See [LICENSE](./LICENSE) for more detailed information.
